TODO.md, before:

# TODO

## Refactoring

### Requirements
- Should be able to configure entirely from DOM
- Should be able to configure entirely from JS
- Overwrites the DOM container's contents on init

### Current issues
- Programmatic changes not super reliable
- Code structure for UI changes and UI generation too obfuscated
- Variable font support treated as one UI element, when each axis should be an element
- Woff2/Woff structure antiquated
- Fallback font for Woff2 Variable required
- Variable font init values buggy

#### Nice to have
- Typewriter
- Fit to width

### Desired sample configurations

**DOM**

<div id="sample"
    data-fonts="variable.woff2"
    or
    data-fonts="variable.woff2,fallback.woff"
    or
    data-fonts="[{name:'Optional name',files:[variable.woff2,fallback.woff}]"
    or
    data-fonts="[{name:'Optional name',files:[variable.woff2,fallback.woff]},other.woff2,{files:[another.woff2,fallback.woff]}]"
    or
    data-fonts="variable.woff2,instances:['wght 250|Work Sans Thin'],features:['rlig']"
>Sample</div>
...
new Fontsampler(document.getElementById("sample)).init()

**JS**

options = {
    initialText: "",
    multiline: true,
    lazload: false,
    classes: {...},
    order: [
        "fontsize", 
        "...any predefined elements...", 
        "or fvar axis tag", 
        ..., 
        ["nested element", "another nested element"], 
        ...append any "ui" elements not listed explicitly...
        ],

    config: {
        "any element or axis tag": {
            ... specific options ...
        }

        e.g. axis:
        "wght": {
            init: 400,
            min: 250,
            max: 900,
            step: 10,
            label: "Weight"
        }

        or predefined element:
        opentype: {
            "choices": ["liga", "dlig", "rlig", "calt"]
        },
    }
}

fonts = [
    {
        name: "Optional name",
        files: [
            variable.woff2,
            fallback.woff
        ]
        "instances": [
            "wght 250|Work Sans Thin",
            "wght 275|Work Sans ExtraLight",
            "wght 300|Work Sans Light",
            "wght 400|Work Sans Regular",
            "wght 500|Work Sans Medium",
            "wght 600|Work Sans SemiBold",
            "wght 700|Work Sans Bold",
            "wght 800|Work Sans ExtraBold",
            "wght 900|Work Sans Black"
        ],
        "language": "ar-afb",
        "features": ["rlig", "calt"]
    }
]

new Fontsampler(document.getElementById("sample", options, fonts)).init()

**API**

FS(element, option(optional), fonts(optional if set in DOM))

FS.init() // Clear DOM, create Fontsampler

FS.destroy() // Clear DOM, leave whatever text/html was displayed

FS.showFont(1)
FS.showFont("path/to/variable.woff")
FS.showFont("Font name")

FS.setOptions(options)

FS.setFonts(options)

FS.setText(textOrHtml)

FS.setLabel(textOrHtml)

FS.setValue(blockOrAxistag, value)

FS.getValue(blockOrAxistag)

FS.lazyLoad(Boolean) // start or stop lazyloading fonts in the background

Commit message:

Started updating and restructuring documentation

TODO.md, after:

# TODO

## Refactoring

### Requirements
- Should be able to configure entirely from DOM
- Should be able to configure entirely from JS
- Overwrites the DOM container's contents on init

### Current issues
- Programmatic changes not super reliable
- Code structure for UI changes and UI generation too obfuscated
- Variable font support treated as one UI element, when each axis should be an element
- Woff2/Woff structure antiquated
- Fallback font for Woff2 Variable required
- Variable font init values buggy
- Make values configurable without showing the UI element (e.g. init fontsize)

#### Nice to have
- Typewriter
- Fit to width
- Possibility to pass in different inits and configs for different breakpoints
- Make documentation single page

### Desired sample configurations

**DOM**

<div id="sample"
    data-fonts="variable.woff2"
    or
    data-fonts="variable.woff2,fallback.woff"
    or
    data-fonts="[{name:'Optional name',files:[variable.woff2,fallback.woff}]"
    or
    data-fonts="[{name:'Optional name',files:[variable.woff2,fallback.woff]},other.woff2,{files:[another.woff2,fallback.woff]}]"
    or
    data-fonts="variable.woff2,instances:['wght 250|Work Sans Thin'],features:['rlig']"
>Sample</div>
...
new Fontsampler(document.getElementById("sample)).init()

**JS**

options = {
    initialText: "",
    multiline: true,
    lazload: false,
    classes: {...},
    order: [
        "fontsize", 
        "...any predefined elements...", 
        "or fvar axis tag", 
        ..., 
        ["nested element", "another nested element"], 
        ...append any "ui" elements not listed explicitly...
        ],

    config: {
        "any element or axis tag": {
            ... specific options ...
        }

        e.g. axis:
        "wght": {
            init: 400,
            min: 250,
            max: 900,
            step: 10,
            label: "Weight"
        }

        or predefined element:
        opentype: {
            "choices": ["liga", "dlig", "rlig", "calt"]
        },
    }
}

fonts = [
    {
        name: "Optional name",
        files: [
            variable.woff2,
            fallback.woff
        ]
        "instances": [
            "wght 250|Work Sans Thin",
            "wght 275|Work Sans ExtraLight",
            "wght 300|Work Sans Light",
            "wght 400|Work Sans Regular",
            "wght 500|Work Sans Medium",
            "wght 600|Work Sans SemiBold",
            "wght 700|Work Sans Bold",
            "wght 800|Work Sans ExtraBold",
            "wght 900|Work Sans Black"
        ],
        "language": "ar-afb",
        "features": ["rlig", "calt"]
    }
]

new Fontsampler(document.getElementById("sample", options, fonts)).init()

**API**

FS(element, option(optional), fonts(optional if set in DOM))

FS.init() // Clear DOM, create Fontsampler

FS.destroy() // Clear DOM, leave whatever text/html was displayed

FS.showFont(1)
FS.showFont("path/to/variable.woff")
FS.showFont("Font name")

FS.setOptions(options)

FS.setFonts(options)

FS.setText(textOrHtml)

FS.setLabel(textOrHtml)

FS.setValue(blockOrAxistag, value)

FS.getValue(blockOrAxistag)

FS.lazyLoad(Boolean) // start or stop lazyloading fonts in the background
